hello my name is angelo
The Dasher Project. Dasher is an information-efficient text-entry interface, driven by natural continuous pointing gestures.
Dasher is a competitive text-entry system wherever a full-size keyboard cannot be used - for example, (1) on a palmtop computer; (2) on a wearable computer; (3) when operating a computer one-handed, by joystick, touchscreen, trackball, or mouse; (4) when operating a computer with zero hands (i.e., by eyetracker).
We expect the eyetracking  version of Dasher to be an especially big hit,  as it allows the user to write text as fast as normal handwriting.
Dasher is fast, efficient, easy to learn, and fun to use.
<b>The single most important concept</b> that a novice user needs to understand is that one should always continue <em>inside</em> the text written so far: to select the book that contains "all" as its first word, one does <b>not</b> enter the "a" section of the library, then exit the "a" section, and enter the "l" section.
One enters the "a" section, then finds the "al" section that is <em>within</em> the "a" section, then enters the "all" section <em>within</em> the "al" section.
<b>The second most important idea</b> is that what you have written depends <em>only</em> on where you finally end up in the library, not on how you got there; so there is no need to steer carefully on your way to your destination. <b>You are allowed to cut corners.</b> 
The dasher software consists of a language-modelling module, a rendering module, and a dynamics module.
Dasher is brought to you by the Inference Group, led by David MacKay, Cavendish Laboratory, Madingley Road, Cambridge.
The research version of the software was developed by David Ward. The project manager is Phil Cowans. 
The Dasher project is supported by the Gatsby charitable foundation.
The programmer's favourite phrase is Hello how are you? - or hello world. Hi hi 
Only the crumbliest flakiest chocolate 
London is the capital of Paris, and Paris is the capital of Rome, and Rome -- no, THAT'S all wrong, I'm certain! By contrast, the Big Bang is a beginning that is required by the dynamical laws that govern the universe. Ask jail deputies on other matters, the jury recommended that : 1 four additional deputies be employed at the Fulton County Jail and a doctor, medical intern or extern be employed for night and weekend duty at the jail. Oh, that way madness lies. There was nothing so VERY remarkable in that; nor did Juliette think it so VERY much out of the way to hear the rabbit say to itself, `Oh dear! 
He always waxes lyrical about his school. Far out, man! It's a different planet. The supreme court justice has a swing vote. Roe versus Wade may be overturned. The court might overturn Roe versus Wade. George Bush might put up a moderate nominee. 
I told you so. What did I tell you? I use a Nokia phone. 
The speaker waxed lyrical about his invention's benefits. He's mad as a hatter. As any economist could have predicted, the result of all that borrowing was inflation. Henry L. Bowden was listed on the petition as the mayor's attorney. His beard was as white as snow. `I told you butter wouldn't suit the works!' he added looking angrily at the March hare. God might have created such a warped universe, but we have no reason to think that He did. 
Bellows made the disclosure when he asked Judge Parsons to grant his client, Alan Clements, 30, a separate trial. He gets on my wick. `And what an ignorant little girl she'll think me for asking! What does the no boundary proposal predict for the future of the universe? A glutton for punishment.
`Perhaps it doesn't understand English,' thought Juliette; `I daresay it's a French mouse, come over with William the Conqueror.' The predictions of the no boundary proposal seem to agree with observation. All Dallas members voted with Roberts, except Rep. Bill Jones, who was absent. Take with a grain of salt. `But perhaps he can't help it,' she said to herself; `his eyes are so VERY nearly at the top of his head. 
This view had to be modified, when Heisenberg put forward his Uncertainty Principle, which said that one could not know both the position, and the speed, accurately. Indeed, she had quite a long argument with the Lory, who at last turned sulky, and would only say, `I am older than you, and must know better'; and this Laura would not allow without knowing how old it was, and, as the Lory positively refused to tell its age, there was no more to be said. We know that General Relativity can not be quite correct on very small distances, because it is a classical theory. To be or not to be, that is the question. 
She was a good deal frightened by this very sudden change, but she felt that there was no time to be lost, as she was shrinking rapidly; so she set to work at once to eat some of the other bit. 
His contention was denied by several bankers, including Scott Hudson of Sherman, Gaynor B. Jones of Houston, J. B. Brady of Harlingen and Howard Cox of Austin. The girl with colitis goes by. Oh! won't she be savage if I've kept her waiting!' I have not been there myself. I didn't smell a drop of liquor, and we didn't have a bit of trouble.
I spy with my little eye. To show this diagram properly, I would really need a four dimensional screen. This is not a program of socialized medicine. Shuffle off this mortal coil. The West Texan reported that he had finally gotten Chairman Bill Hollowell of the committee to set it for public hearing on Feb. 22.
If I had my druthers. Events before the Big Bang are simply not defined, because there's no way one could measure what happened at them. Nursing home care the aged care plan carries these benefits for persons over 65 who are under the social security and railroad retirement systems : 1 full payment of hospital bills for stays up to 90 days for each illness, except that the patient would pay $10 a day of the cost for the first nine days. Some men are born mediocre, some men achieve mediocrity, and some men, have. I shall be a great deal too far off to trouble myself about you: you must manage the best way you can; -- but I must be kind to them,' thought Laura, `or perhaps they won't walk the way I want to go! 
The expansion will start with an inflationary phase, but the collapse will not in general end with an anti inflationary phase. He calls for help while saying he is against centralization, but you can't have it both ways, Jones said. But screw your courage to the sticking-place. The Queen turned angrily away from him, and said to the Knave `Turn them over!' They would say that UFO's come from the future, and that governments are engaged in a gigantic conspiracy to cover them up, and keep for themselves, the scientific knowledge that these visitors bring. 
Strenuous efforts were made to remove pin pricking from administration statements. Doesn't know shit from Shinola. `I have answered three questions, and that is enough,' Said his father; `don't give yourself airs! The sideways velocities could have meant that the galaxies didn't collide, but rushed past each other, and then started to move apart. 
In the last eight years, all Presidential appointments, including those of cabinet rank, have been denied immediate action because of a Senate rule requiring at least a 24 hour delay after they are reported to the floor.
Forgive them for they know not what they do. * `Come, my head's free at last!' said Mary in a tone of delight, which changed into alarm in another moment, when she found that her shoulders were nowhere to be found: all she could see, when she looked down, was an immense length of neck, which seemed to rise like a stalk out of a sea of green leaves that lay far below her. They claimed that there would be no singularities in a solution of the field equations of general relativity, which was fully general, in the sense that it didn't have any exact symmetry. The largest hurdle the Republicans would have to face is a state law which says that before making a first race, one of two alternative courses must be taken : 1 five per cent of the voters in each county must sign petitions requesting that the Republicans be allowed to place names of candidates on the general election ballot, or 2 the Republicans must hold a primary under the county unit system -- a system which the party opposes in its platform. Know which way the wind blows.
It was the white rabbit returning, splendidly dressed, with a pair of white kid gloves in one hand and a large fan in the other: he came trotting along in a great hurry, muttering to himself as he came, `Oh! the Duchess, the Duchess! Genius is one percent inspiration and 99 percent perspiration. If you have a positive bank balance, you can distribute it in various ways. All you need is love. If there were a passage right the way through, like we have, the poor animal would fall apart. 
Gorgeous Doris Day and her producer-hubby, Marty Melcher, drive in today from a motor tour thru New England. Butter wouldn't melt in her mouth. There was a young lady of Wight, who traveled much faster than light; she departed one day, in a relative way, and arrived on the previous night. Mrs. Harry K. Cohen is chairman of this phase and she is getting an artistic assist from A. Van Hollander, display director of Gimbel Brothers. There she blows! It isn't over until the fat lady sings. I will survive. 
The jury did not elaborate, but it added that there should be periodic surveillance of the pricing practices of the concessionaires for the purpose of keeping the prices reasonable. Would you Adam and Eve it?. `Whoever lives there,' thought Mary, `it'll never do to come upon them THIS size: why, I should frighten them out of their wits!' To the French, this just confirmed their suspicions. To deal with principles the meetings in Zurich, the statement said, would deal only with principles that would guide the three factors in their search for a coalition Government.
Men's evil manners live in brass; their virtues we write in water. `We won't talk about her any more if you'd rather not.' All the evidence points to him being an inveterate gambler, who throws the dice on every possible occasion. He broke that boy (Air Force fullback Nick Arshinkoff) in two and knocked him loose from the football. 
He understands every word I say to him. Tony Blair misled the country over weapons of mass destruction. 
`And yet what a dear little puppy it was!' said he, as she leant against a buttercup to rest herself, and fanned herself with one of the leaves: `I should have liked teaching it tricks very much, if -- if I'd only been the right size to do it! You look as if you've been dragged through a hedge backwards. [later editions continued as follows: When the sands are all dry, he is gay as a lark, And will talk in contemptuous tones of the Shark, But, when the tide rises and sharks are around, His voice has a timid and tremulous sound.] `That's different from what I used to say when I was a child,' said the octopus. Although quantum mechanics has been around for nearly 70 years, it is still not generally understood or appreciated, even by those that use it to do calculations. A veteran Jackson County legislator will ask the Georgia House Monday to back federal aid to education, something it has consistently opposed in the past.
Elvis has left the building. Killed in a bar when he was only three. He who can, does; he who cannot, teaches. He will give the Devil his due. He was more famous for proving you couldn't prove everything that is true, even in such an apparently simple subject as arithmetic. 
In 1960 more than 6,000 Communist technicians were present in those countries. More honoured in the breach than in the observance. No religious group, he declared in an interview, will receive Peace Corps funds unless it forswears all proselytizing on the project it proposes. No pain, no gain. If Barnett doesn't call a special session in 1961, it will be the first year in the last decade that the Legislature has not met in regular or special session.
All the evidence is, that the universe started out in the Big Bang, without the kind of warping needed, to allow travel into the past. While details are still to be worked out, Ratcliff said he expects to tell home folks in Dallas why he thinks Berry's proposed constitutional amendment should be rejected. Let the cat out of the bag. There were attempts to explain away this number count graph, by claiming that some of the faint radio sources, were within our own galaxy, and so did not tell us anything about cosmology. This is being done so that Georgia Tech can complete the final phase of a traffic survey on the North Expressway.
As you sow so shall you reap. The Louisiana city is known, of course, for its fine food, good music and its colorful hospitality and, when guests arrive at Philmont that night, says Mrs. Grinsfelder, that is exactly what we expect to offer them. No, I've made up my mind about it; if I'm Mabel, I'll stay down here! A balls up. 
Instead, the universe has every single possible history, each with its own probability. 
Like a chicken with its head cut off. Of course, this isn't taking into consideration the population of Nevada and New York city, but it's the way things look from here at this point. It's no skin off my nose. Certain people must have known about it. About turn.